Prime Minister
The Prime Minister is overjoyed
News from the palace
The emperor is unconscious
The queen ordered the palace gates to be blocked
Hahahaha good
Just take him as a fainter who has not yet dried up
Fight with me
What should we do next, Chen Xiao?
Summon Wang Baiguan
attack
say hello
Hahahahaha
Hahaha
What happened to His Majesty the Imperial Doctor?
Back to Her Majesty the Queen
Lei Ruofeng
I'm afraid it's more or less what?
roll
Queen
His Majesty is seriously ill
Ying Zai Chu Army
His Majesty has no children
Who is Chu Jun?
The deceased brother was relegated to the common people
The big fish has no successor
The old man suggested
Your Majesty's position
Who is the table for?
Naturally, the unit is given to me.
You die, you have the guts to want to inherit the throne